Project Three is a program that takes a list of raw data, a list of items sold at a grocery store, and it calculates the occurence of the number of times each item was sold in a day, allows you to search for a particular item to see how many times it was sold individually, and shows a histogram or graphic representation of the sales data. What I did particularly well was incorporate Python into C++ and have the program execute those intended functions. I would enhance my code by making the output look more interesting by adding colors or something to that effect, but I believe in it's current form that it is efficient and secure. 

The most challenging part to write was the menu to allow different options, and the Python section for allowing user input to search for how many times an item was located on the list. It was also challenging to have my program "read" the list of data that was located on a different file, so I had a lot of trouble with this step, but I was eventually able to get it to work as intended. The tools and resources I have added to my support network include various programming educational websites and user help forums. I do plan to learn more about locating the offical support documentation on different languages and I want to learn how to analyze those and get answer from that as well. 

The skills that were most transferable to other projects and course work in the future will be the ability to indentify the problem and how to create a solution. I've definitely learned throughout this course, and not even with just this project, that it is so important to take small steps and make sure code runs in small incriments, rather than plopping down a large amount of code to dig tirelessly through multiple errors. At the same time, the fear of doing something wrong has held me back and caused me to overthink the solution before even knowing what problem there could be. I believe in a way, programming is about just getting in there and getting a little messy and breaking things, because if you don't, you won't know how to fix them, or how to do something correctly next time. 

I never thought about it this way before, but it's a lot like when I learned to play the trumpet. At first I sounded awful playing the trumpet, but I learned to make it sound beautiful with trial and error and dedication and persistance. I could have read all the books in the world on how to play the trumpet, and watched all the videos and instructionals I could find, with never having played a single note, caught in an endless loop of research, and then when I finally played for the first time I still would have sounded awful at first. I never had the hesitation with learning to play the trumpet, but I have had this reaction with coding. I will study and obsess and research, then try what I believe I've learned, and when it doesn't work, feel defeated. 

So the most important thing I've learned is that I have to dive in head first, even though I will make mistakes and make a mess, so that I can learn how to become better at solving problems and become less likely to make the same mistakes in the future. I made this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable, by using comments throughout the code to explain different functions, and formatting the names of the code and using white spaces to the best of my ability to make it more readable.  
